fix(lint/noUnknownProperty): ignore `composes` for noUnknownProperty (#3217)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

  Contributed by @Sec-ant

> - The [noUnnownProperty](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unknown-property/) rule now handles `composes` property. [#3000](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/3000) Contributed by @chansuke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [noUnknownProperty](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unknown-property/) rule now ignores the `composes` property often used in css modules. [#3000](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/3000) Contributed by @chansuke
```
